or, of course, parents, as well, I
I don’t know at the time it was very
normal for a child to something
was engaged in developed healthy beautiful
here but beyond that there was
what class did we play hockey
first hockey then swimming
parents have been fully engaged since childhood
2008, for me, it became such
you can say defining because i
just crossed and seniors crossed
in the main part
broke in can say there became a leader
and it turned out that
I even knocked out many of the older guys and
drove
delivered for his country personal
program 200 myth of freestyle
personally, a little bit failed peking
but then we managed to take the silver one
Olympic award here and as if from this
on the sly everything went rolling every
year he was somehow so
something was new especially all by
starting one that is the opening of the new
emotions new impressions
new countries old rivals the most
memorable after all I consider it for myself
first olympic awards
Olympic silver and movies because 16
years to become a medalist but not
everyone can boast of it especially
in our form
I think the fun will be on
Universiade because for me first
universiade this and this in principle
Student Olympiad for this I think
will be much more interesting because
will not only age but will be on
in fact all young athletes are
will promote youth sports
many countries really want to go and me
In Russia, the more so grand
I think many serious events
athletes will want to perform exactly
In Russia, the greatest counting athlete
who showed by his example that
you can achieve everything you want and
the main thing was to target me
of course we have a very simple two
workout a day almost every day
here and after training naturally or
are you resting
most often it is a dream in your free time
say the weekend we get either
like all normal people, movies are very
love to play pool with friends just
wake up a very warm season summer
we will just walk along the street calmly
rest enjoy the main competitor
a lot of them is primarily America
china france australia all countries and
you can't just throw someone away
what should i
student Olympiad at all
Olympiad happens such that appear
dark horses and shoot catchers
most beautiful because it's all the same
spectacularly and above all, I think that
the water is so well then that is so graceful
nice element
but we have a lot of complexes
openwork hall as I train in
Volgograd, that is, we have everything created for
order to develop those muscles
which we row is the main muscles
backs of arms that is everything should be
strongly tightened start to hang
there is a girl who met me
I met her I do not know
came here to cheer for me
I just need to support myself
I think that it happened to me that
parents helped a lot in this and
I think swimming to show what I do
live what i like doing here
talent plays of course not unimportant
role but of you will not have hard work by
perseverance you can just burn your own
talents end up being talented at
having achieved nothing that's why here
I need everything in moderation. I think that
so that the people who are near you are
support
when there is support it will work out